add upgrade topic (#24)
ykakarap/kubecon-na-22-capi-lab: upgrade-kubernetes-version.md

# Upgrade Kubernetes Version

Let's walk through how easily Cluster API enables Kubernetes version upgrades.

**Table of Contents**

- [Upgrade Cluster](#upgrade-cluster)
- Next: [Lifecycle Hooks](#lifecycle-hooks)

## Upgrade Cluster

Assuming we haven't done any further topology changes since we last re-applied the original "docker-cluster-one" spec, we should have one control plane node and one worker node:

```sh
kubectl --kubeconfig cluster-one.kubeconfig get nodes
```

Output:

```
NAME                                            STATUS   ROLES           AGE    VERSION
docker-cluster-one-md-0-lq4f8-b59497b9d-xchpm   Ready    <none>          4d1h   v1.24.6
docker-cluster-one-mvthd-k7dwf                  Ready    control-plane   4d2h   v1.24.6
```

Let's go ahead and scale our control plane nodes back out to three so that we can demonstrate how Kubernetes version upgrades can be configured to apply in a rolling upgrade fashion:

```sh
kubectl apply -f yamls/clusters/docker-cluster-one-3-control-plane-replicas.yaml
```

Ouput:

```
cluster.cluster.x-k8s.io/docker-cluster-one configured
```

> Let's wait a few minutes until we have three control plane nodes. When you do your workload cluster will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's wait a few minutes until we have three control plane nodes. Then your workload cluster will look like this:
```

docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   4          3       3         1             72m   v1.25.2
docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   4          3       3         1             72m   v1.25.2
docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   4          3       3         1             72m   v1.25.2
docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   4          3       3         1             72m   v1.25.2
docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   4          4       3         0             72m   v1.25.2
docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   4          4       3         0             72m   v1.25.2
docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   4          4       3         0             75m   v1.25.2
docker-cluster-one-6gm59   docker-cluster-one   true          true                   3          3       3         0             75m   v1.25.2
```

> That's a console-full! What we see above is the process of a rolling upgrade:

Reviewer: @jackfrancis  I wonder if watching the machines would explain it better. As then we see the machines being upgraded one by one

(not a blocker, but let's discuss if we want to do that)
